README.md, before:

# uBuyiBuy

> Can uBuy

A [Carousell](https://www.carousell.sg/) inspired platform.

## Setup Guide for team

1. (Frontend) In this main directory
    ```Bash
    //Only need to call once, after cloning
    //To create node_modules
    npm install
    ```
2. (Backend) In `server` directory
    ```bash
    WIP
    ```

-   To run the project
    ```Bash
    npm run serve
    ```

## Tech Stack

-   Frontend
    -   Bootstrap
    -   Axios
    -   PrimeVue (BTL)
    -   Vue Router (BTL)
    -   Pinia (Like Vuex) (BTL)

<br/>

-   Backend
    -   Axios

<br/>

-   Beyond The Lab (BTL)
    -   PrimeVue (Component Library)
    -   Vuetify 3 (Component Library) (WIP)
    -   Vue Router
    -   Pinia

<hr />
## Project setup

```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production

```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files

```
npm run lint
```

### Customize configuration

See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).

Commit message:

Changed project name to Reventé

README.md, after:

# Reventé

> Reventé

A [Carousell](https://www.carousell.sg/) inspired platform.

An online platform for people to purchase and sell their used clothes with confidence. We aim to distinguish our platform from Carousell with a unique selling point for our platform and business that revolves around high-quality pre-loved clothings. All used clothes listed on our online marketplace will undergo refurbishment and rigorous quality checks performed by our own people before it is put up for sale. This ensures that every item we put for sale on our platform is of exceptional quality and in excellent condition.

## Setup Guide for team

1. (Frontend) In this main directory
    ```Bash
    //Only need to call once, after cloning
    //To create node_modules
    npm install
    ```
2. (Backend) In `server` directory
    ```bash
    WIP
    ```

-   To run the project (Refer at package.json)
    ```Bash
    npm run dev
    ```

## Tech Stack

-   Frontend
    -   Bootstrap
    -   Axios
    -   PrimeVue (BTL)
    -   Vue Router (BTL)
    -   Pinia (Like Vuex) (BTL)

<br/>

-   Backend
    -   Axios

<br/>

-   Beyond The Lab (BTL)
    -   PrimeVue (Component Library)
    -   Vuetify 3 (Component Library) (WIP)
    -   Vue Router
    -   Pinia

<hr />
## Project setup

```
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

```
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production

```
npm run build
```

### Lints and fixes files

```
npm run lint
```

### Customize configuration

See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).
